Project Description: CareVault will provide the details and ratings of the hospital for the people in search of good hospital.
Documents: 4813
Fields: 20

1.  Hospital ID (Integer) : It is the ID of the hospital.														
2.  Hospital Name (String) : It is the name of the hospital. 									
3.  Address (String) : It is the address of the hospital.										
4.  City (String) : Name of city in which hospital is located.										
5.  State (String) : Name of state in which hospital is located.										
6.  ZIP Code (Integer) : It is the zipcode of the city.													
7.  County Name (String) : It is the name of the county.															
8.  Phone Number (Integer) : It is the phone number of the hospital.									
9.  Hospital Type (String) : It is the type of hospital service.									
10. Hospital Ownership (String) : It gives the ownership of the hospital.								
11. Emergency Services (String) : It tells whether hospital provides emergency services or not.								
12. Meets criteria for meaningful use of EHR (String) : It tells whether the hospital meets the EHR requirements.					
13. Hospital overall rating (Integer) : It gives the hospital rating.								
14. Mortality national comparison (String) : It gives the mortality rate average compared to national average.					
15. Safety of care national comparison (String) : It gives the average of safety care compared to national average.						
16. Readmission national comparison (String) : It gives the average of Readmission compared to national average.						
17. Patient experience national comparison (String) : It gives the average of Patient experience compared to national average.						
18. Effectiveness of care national comparison (String) : It gives the average of effectiveness of care compared to national average.				
19. Timeliness of care national comparison (String) : It gives the average of timeliness of care compared to national average.						
20. Efficient use of medical imaging national comparison (String) : It gives the average of efficient use of medical imaging compared to national average.				
