                                                          REAL ESTATE ENQUIRY
                                                                
                                                                
This project is based on Real Estate platform. It aims at providing information regarding residential properties available for the purpose of buy or rent. A visitor can search for his ideal house/houses on multiple criterion such as county, city, no. of bedrooms/bathrooms etc. as per his requirements.



FIELDS INCLUDED

1. "Property Listing Number" : indicates the number alotted to a property
2. "Listing Office" : represents the name of the office under which the property is listed
3. "Agent Name" : represents the name of the Agent associated
4. "Price" : Price of the property
5. "Status" : indicates availability of the property, whether open or closed
6. "Address" : Address of the property
7. "City" : City in which the property is located
8. "Family Type" : represents the parties for which the property is available(for eg:, Single Family)
9. "State" : State in which the property is located.
10. "County" : County in which the property is located
11. "Bedrooms" : No. of bedrooms in the corresponding property
12. "Bathrooms" : No. of bathrooms in the corresponding property
13. "SqFtTotFn" : Area of the property in square feet
14. "DOM" :  represents Days on Market, i.e. for how many days a property has been available for sale
15. "Tax Amount" : represents the amount of tax applied on that property
16. "Lot - Acres" : Area of the property in acres
17. "Garage" : specifies if garage is available or not
18. "Year Built"  : represents the year in which the property is built
19. "Total Stories"  : represents the no. of stories of a property
20. "Surveyed" : specifies if the property has been surveyed earlier
21. "Seasonal"  : specifies if the property is seasonal, i.e. available for particular seasons only
22. "Rooms"  : represents total no. of rooms in a property
23. "Flood Zone"  : specifies if the area in which the property is located is flood safe
24. "Basement" : specifies whether a basement is available or not
25. "Basement Type" : specifies type of basement attached 
