                                                          REAL ESTATE ENQUIRY
                                                                
                                                                
This project is based on Real Estate platform. It aims at providing information regarding residential properties available for the purpose of buy or rent. A visitor can search for his ideal house/houses on multiple criterion such as county, city, no. of bedrooms/bathrooms etc. as per his requirements.



FIELDS INCLUDED

1. "Listing Office - Office Name" : represents the name of the office under which the property is listed
2. "List Agent - Agent Name" : represents the name of the Agent associated
3. "Price" : Price of the property
4. "Status" : indicates availability of the property, whether open or closed
5. "Address" : Address of the property
6. "City" : City in which the property is located
7. "MLS#" : Multi-Listing Service; proprietary information of the broker who has obtained a listing agreement with a property's seller.
8. "Property Type" : represents the parties for which the property is available(for eg:, Single Family)
9. "State" : State in which the property is located.
10. "County" : County in which the property is located
11. "Date - MLS" : Date on which the agreement is listed under MLS
12. "Bedrooms - Total" : No. of bedrooms in the corresponding property
13. "Baths - Total" : No. of bathrooms in the corresponding property
14. "SqFtTotFn" : Area of the property in square feet
15. "DOM" :  represents Days on Market, i.e. for how many days a property has been available for sale
16. "Assessment Amount" : represents the dollar value assigned to a property to measure applicable taxes
17. "Assessment Year" : represents the year that forms the basis for taxation in the next or following year
18. "Tax - Gross Amount" : represents the amount of tax applied on that property
19. "Lot - Acres" : Area of the property in acres
20. "Garage" : specifies if garage is available or not
21. "Year Built"  : represents the year in which the property is built
22. "Total Stories"  : represents the no. of stories of a property
23. "Surveyed" : specifies if the property has been surveyed earlier
24. "Seasonal"  : specifies if the property is seasonal, i.e. available for particular seasons only
25. "Rooms - Total"  : represents total no. of rooms in a property
26. "Garage Capacity"  : specifies the maximum no. of vehicles that can be kept in the garage
27. "Basement" : specifies whether a basement is available or not
