                                                         REAL ESTATE ENQUIRY
                                                                
                                                                
This web application is based on Real Estate platform. It aims at providing information regarding residential properties available for the purpose of buy or rent. A visitor can search for his ideal house/houses on multiple criterion such as county, city, no. of bedrooms/bathrooms etc. as per his requirements.



FIELDS INCLUDED

"Property Listing Number" : indicates the number alotted to a property
"Listing Office" : represents the name of the office under which the property is listed
"Agent Name" : represents the name of the Agent associated
"Price" : Price of the property
"Status" : indicates availability of the property, whether open or closed
"Address" : Address of the property
"City" : City in which the property is located
"Family Type" : represents the parties for which the property is available(for eg:, Single Family)
"State" : State in which the property is located.
"County" : County in which the property is located
"Bedrooms" : No. of bedrooms in the corresponding property
"Bathrooms" : No. of bathrooms in the corresponding property
"SqFtTotFn" : Area of the property in square feet
"Tax Amount" : represents the amount of tax applied on that property
"Lot - Acres" : Area of the property in acres
"Garage" : specifies if garage is available or not
"Year Built"  : represents the year in which the property is built
"Total Stories"  : represents the no. of stories of a property
"Surveyed" : specifies if the property has been surveyed earlier
"Seasonal"  : specifies if the property is seasonal, i.e. available for particular seasons only
"Rooms"  : represents total no. of rooms in a property
"Flood Zone"  : specifies if the area in which the property is located is flood safe
"Basement" : specifies whether a basement is available or not
"Basement Type" : specifies type of basement attached 
